Corner I'm Dell curry today i want to
show you three simple basketball drills
that will help improve your game i did
it growing up my two young sons continue
to do it in high school in college and I
work with NBA players who do these
drills as well the first is the mic and
drill the mic and drill it's name comes
from an NBA legend George Mikan who is
the first big man to have skill and
mobility around the basket area you
start it's a simple layup drill I'm
starting on my dominant side the right
side I'm going to shoot a simple layup
run under and catch the ball I'm going
to get good footwork get a rhythm going
and just try to make as many shots as
possible Julius drill I want to make ten
on each side I want to catch the ball
just as it's coming out of the net
keeping it on my fingertips and above my
shoulders it's a good warm-up drill
because you have fingertip control you
feel the basketball going through the
net and it works on your footwork great
drill to warm up with because you have
fingertips on the basketball gives you
good feel the basketball and a good feel
of the rim most importantly you see the
ball going through the net which creates
confidence and confidence is something
you want is every drill that you do now
we've warmed up with the mic and drill
the next drill is form shooting it's a
simple drill you start to the three feet
away from the basket make sure your feet
are set shoulders square ball in good
position and i'm just going to shoot the
basketball up and over the rim making
three to five shots in each spot i'm
going to make sure that i have good
footwork good ball position and it's
just a warm-up drill for your jump shot
making sure that you have all your
mechanics correctly before you start
doing putting a little move to your shot
it also gives you great confidence
because if you're only two or three feet
away from the basket you should have
good mechanics and good mechanics should
equal a lot of made shots made shots
equal confidence and again confidence is
very important alright we've warmed up
with the mic and drill we've got our
mechanics right with the form shooting
the next drill is around the world it's
a three tier drill the first tier is
five to seven feet the second tier 12 to
15 feet and the last tier 18 to 21 feet
there are five spots in each tier in
which you must make a junk shot in each
spot before moving to the next tier if
you're a big guy and maybe on a
three-point shooter then maybe you do
the first tier twice the second tier
once but it looks something like this
i'm going to start five to seven feet
i'm going to follow my shot and go to
the next spot on the other side of the
floor in the same tier i must make every
shot at each spot before I can move I've
made two shots on the baseline then I'm
going to move to the wind I'm going to
follow my shot so there you see the
cardio you've got movement let's get
your feet set and follow your shot with
your all good habits and shooting last
and final spot and there as you can see
very good drill get you with it work on
conditioning concentration and gives you
great confidence you make shots while
you're tired ok so let's recap our drill
around the world it's a three-tiered
drill there are five spots in each tier
you must make a shot from each spot
before you advance to the next tier you
must complete three tiers and a shot
from each spot before completing the
drill the first tier is five to seven
feet the second tier 12 to 15 feet and
the third tier 18 to 21 feet if you're a
big guy or maybe not a three-point
shooter maybe you do the first tier 5 to
7 feet twice before moving on to the
second tier which is 12 to 15 feet I've
just shown you three simple drills that
I promise will help improve your game
remember the only